fix(error 1009): speak like if I was the typescript compiler but more friendly (#12)
mattpocock/ts-error-translator: packages/engine/errors/1009.md

excerpt: "You've added a trailing comma when you're not supposed to add it"
---

> You should remove the trailing comma where I'm pointing to make me happy :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should remove the trailing comma where I'm pointing - otherwise, I won't be able to understand your code.
```
